[Music]
hello guys
welcome back to my channel in this video
i'm going to recap the movie the woman
in black
it is an english horror film released in
this video contains major spoilers watch
out
three little girls all dressed in what
looks like nursery dresses
are playing in the nursery room on their
own with dolls
suddenly without uttering a word they
stand up
they open the three windows and they
jump of their own accord
arthur is a young agent his boss mr
bentley tells him in rude terms
that this is his last opportunity and
told him that
if he makes another mistake he won't be
given another opportunity
arthur agrees to mr bentley's terms and
sets off
later arthur decides to go alone and he
says goodbye to his seven-year-old son
joseph letting the nanny take care of
him then arthur travels by train
he talks to a fellow passenger and
afterwards stares of a little girl
who is also traveling with them arthur
thinks about when his son was born
the boy was perfectly all right as the
nurse proudly says it's a boy but the
doctor
tells him straight away that he is sorry
that nothing could have been done for
the mother
and had passed away immediately arthur
sees how a blood-stained sheet is used
to cover the face of his late wife
stella
a fellow passenger sam offers him a lift
into town
he also invites him to dine with him and
his wife the following day
at the local inn arthur is put into the
attic this is the place
where the three little girls jumped from
at the beginning of the film
the next day arthur visits jerome the
local solicitor
jerome recommends that he must leave
town as soon as possible
but arthur tells him that he will need
to stay up until friday at least
to make a serious and fair evaluation of
all the items within the house
a cab driver is waiting to take arthur
to the train station
but arthur insists on going to the
mansion instead the cab driver demands
six shillings for the trip
remarking that no one else will take
arthur there at all
there is a thin causeway which zigzags
among the marshes linking the town to
the lonely isolated mansion
the driver leaves arthur just outside
the estate of the mansion
when arthur tells him to pick him up at
three o'clock he says that it'll have to
be at five
because of the tide and arthur agrees
then he enters the property
there seems to be nobody at the home so
he gets up to the second floor
he takes a look at joseph's drawing
before setting to work in front of a
pile of papers
inside one of the bedrooms he sees a
nest of ravens
a raven rushes out flying and it
startles him
arthur thinks he's heard something so he
looks out of the window
a black shadow appears on the garden
among the tombstones
arthur rushes out the thick fog prevents
him from seeing anything
or anyone for that matter arthur goes to
the police station
in order to denounce the person who has
trespassed on the property
the constable collins says that there is
no villager who would go to that mansion
of their own
the constable goes in the back to look
for something at that moment
three children arrive and one of them is
very sick and her name is victoria
who is spitting blood after drinking lie
arthur calls for the constable but it's
too late
he can't do anything for the child
victoria dies in his arms
back in his lodgings arthur thinks he
hears the soft cries of a woman
so he calls out for mrs fisher but it's
a pet raven which mimics the whimpering
voice of a woman
mrs fisher joins in and serves him a
drink while saying
he must leave the town fast later arthur
goes to mr sam's house
at the dinner the conversation is a
little awkward but everything seems to
go well
until elizabeth sam's wife has a fit and
has to be sedated
in a later conversation sam says that
there are many superstitions in the town
but that everything is an illusion later
that night arthur sees elizabeth
caressing one of her dogs
caressing and soothing it in an
all-white laced cradle
the next day arthur goes looking for mr
jerome but what he finds
is a terrified girl imprisoned in a room
who tells arthur to let her alone
because he was the reason victoria died
the two men then leave to the house
and on the way they are met by a group
of men the big man who lost his daughter
recently was also there and said
that his daughter victoria died because
of arthur's visit to the town
sam drives arthur to the mansion and his
matorca and offers to pick him up at 11
but arthur tells him that he prefers to
spend the night in the mansion
so sam lends him his dog to keep arthur
company
in the mansion arthur lights some
candles one of the rooms
can be unlocked with any of the keys so
he turns his attention to a heavy wooden
box with the name nathaniel written on
it
arthur makes a daguerreotype go round
and he sees for a split second
the dark eyes of the woman in black
after some time
arthur goes through some photographs and
notices some words scribbled on them
a shadow passes by and the dog begins to
bark
arthur follows the dog outside who barks
close to the tombstone of nathanael
when they go back to the mansion arthur
sees the woman in black
retreating from close to the window when
arthur goes to that room
he looks out and sees the dilapidated
view right at his back
the woman in black appears and
immediately disappears
he doesn't see her but he feels
something so he looks around
that woman was janet who had a tombstone
alongside nathaniel's
through the documents it looks like
janet gave up her child for adoption
because she was not mentally fit it is
also revealed that nathaniel was adopted
by janet's sister alice who keeps this
as a secret
and raises nathaniel as her own son
through many letters
arthur comes to know that janet was very
displeased as she wasn't even allowed to
visit her own son
after the accident that took the life of
nathaniel his body was never found in
the marshlands
janet appears as a hidden figure in one
of the photos with nathaniel as the
child in the photographs
arthur falls asleep and the shadow of
the woman in black gets close
but the dog barks and scares her arthur
wakes up and walks along the dark
corridor up to the locked room
he tries to open this door but he could
not he goes down to look for something
to open it but suddenly
it is wide open he picks up an axe and a
candle
a rocking chair is moving on its own
under the wallpaper
he discloses you could have saved him
written in blood going back to a window
he can see clearly the surely screaming
face of janet
he went outside in the rainy night he
can see the images of many dead children
rotten and anguished running back to the
mansion he can see the black footprints
of the woman in black
and he follows them to the room he sees
janet hanging herself
leaving the room he sees the woman in
black approaching from the other end of
the corridor
arthur encloses himself in a room but
nathaniel grows from the bed
and when he leaves the house he finds
sam daley who has arrived to pick him up
in the morning
back in town arthur sees jerome's house
on fire
he goes into the house and gets to the
basement and sees lucy set herself on
fire
prompted by the woman in black arthur
can't do anything to save her
and he goes out of the house and sam
drives him to his house
elizabeth tells arthur about janet in
front of her son's tombstone
suddenly the dead children speak through
her and they say
that the woman in black was always
present to make all those children kill
themselves one way or another
sam arrives when elizabeth has another
fit while repeating she is coming over
and over again
before passing out elizabeth draws a
picture of arthur with his son beside a
train engine
while returning arthur convinces sam to
help him find the body of nathanael
and reunite him to his mother by giving
him a proper burial and sam agrees
now arthur ties himself with a rope to
sam's car
arthur goes in the black slimy goo of
the marshlands
finally sam pulls arthur out and he
takes out what seems a hidden wagon
and within it the body of nathanael the
car can't hold the wagon
which slides back into the bog but
arthur climbs over it
and out of the bog carrying nathaniel's
corpse arthur enshrouds nathaniel's body
then he puts the postcards sent to him
by his mother and other mechanical toys
around the dead body as he waits for the
woman in black
meanwhile sam sees his dead son entering
a room
when he follows his son and enters the
room he is imprisoned
and calls for help but arthur could not
hear him the corridor gets even more
darker
the woman in black shouts and scares
arthur but suddenly she disappears
the other door also opens setting sam
free
they open janet's tomb and place
nathaniel's body on top of hers
thinking that the curse has been lifted
few days later the two of them received
joseph with his nanny at the train
station
the nanny goes to pay for tickets back
to london as arthur and sam talk
joseph releases arthur's hand and jumps
onto the train track
while a train is approaching arthur sees
the woman in black
and then his eyes dart to his son
walking on the tracks
arthur jumps onto the tracks to save
joseph but the train runs them over
sam who obtained the power to see in
slo-mo can see all the dead children
and the screaming woman in black at the
other side of the track through the gaps
of the moving wagons
arthur is holding joseph in an empty
train station
realizes he is dead stella welcomes them
both into the afterlife
and they tenderly walk on together along
the tracks
thank you for watching my video have a
great day